Example CI Monitors (#15951)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/types/ci.md

This way, if the monitor triggers because there's a burst of pipeline failures that makes the error rate go above the monitor threshold, it will not clear until the error rate goes below the threshold, which can be at any time afterwards.

## Example monitors
Common monitor use cases are outlined below. Monitor queries can be modified to filter for specific branches, authors, or any other in-app facet.

### Trigger alerts for performance regressions
The `duration` metric can be used to identify pipeline and test performance regressions for any branch. Alerting on this metric can prevent performance regressions from being introduced into your codebase.

{{< img src="ci/regression_monitor.png" alt="CI pipeline regression monitor" style="width:40%;">}}

### Track new flaky tests

> Test monitors have the `New Flaky Test`, `Test Failures`, and `Test Performance` common monitor types for simple monitor setup. This monitor sends alerts when new flaky tests are added to your codebase. The query is grouped by Test Full Name so you don’t get alerted on the same new flaky test more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test monitors have the `New Flaky Test`, `Test Failures`, and `Test Performance` common monitor types for simple monitor setup. This monitor sends alerts when new flaky tests are added to your codebase. The query is grouped by `Test Full Name` so you don't get alerted on the same new flaky test more than once.
```
